Scheduler: add the maxAppointmentsPerCell property description (T1131267) (#4910)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/maxAppointmentsPerCell.md

Specifies the limit of full-sized appointments displayed per cell. Applies to all views except *"agenda"*.

---

> When you set this property to *"auto"*, appointments narrow down to a predefined size value that depends on the view type. Appointments that do not fit into the cell are hidden, and the cell displays an overflow indicator. Users can click the indicator to display the hidden appointments in a tooltip. The *"unlimited"* value narrows appointments down without a limit to be fit into a cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set this property to *"auto"*, appointments shrink to a predefined size that depends on the view type. Appointments that do not fit into the cell are hidden, and the cell displays an overflow indicator. Users can click the indicator to display the hidden appointments in a tooltip. The *"unlimited"* value shrinks appointments without a limit to fit into a cell.
```
